Arctic sea ice continues to shrink.                                   
Spring snowmelt reduces river flow.                                   
Snowfall in the Alps will decrease.                                   
Snowfall will decrease in the Alps.                                   
Heat waves have become more intense.                                  
Ice cap mass loss is almost certain.                                  
CH4 and N2O emissions continue to rise.                               
Heat waves are more frequent and intense.                             
Land is warming 45% more than the oceans.                             
Ocean acidification continues to increase.                            
CO2 emissions from fossil fuels are highest.                          
The Antarctic ice caps will continue to melt.                         
Arctic sea ice loss has continued since 1979.                         
The global warming observed to date is 1.09°C.                        
Sea levels are rising faster than ever before.                        
Land areas are warming faster than the oceans.                        
Melting glaciers contribute to sea-level rise.                        
Sea levels will continue to rise for centuries.                       
Glacier retreat is unprecedented in 2000 years.                       
Glaciers will continue to lose mass for decades.                      
Greenland ice continues to melt since the 1990s.                      
Ice caps continue to melt at an accelerating rate.                    
Glacier mass loss has accelerated since the 1990s.                    
Droughts have become more frequent in many regions.                   
CO2 emissions are the main cause of global warming.                   
Methane and nitrous oxide emissions are increasing.                   
Greenland's ice cap has been retreating since 1850.                   
Global warming is mainly caused by human activities.                  
Sea levels continue to rise at an accelerating rate.                  
Land warming is about 45% higher than ocean warming.                  
Greenland has lost 4,890 gigatons of ice since 1992.                  
Glaciers have been retreating since the 19th century.                 
Warming modifies large-scale atmospheric circulation.                 
Human emissions have unequivocally warmed the climate.                
CO2 emissions must be reduced to limit future impacts.                
Ocean deoxygenation will continue with global warming.                
Heat waves have become more frequent and more intense.                
Antarctic ice sheets have been losing mass since 1979.                
Global warming is unprecedented in the last 2000 years.               
Spring snow cover decreases in the northern hemisphere.               
Extreme precipitation events have intensified worldwide.              
Extreme precipitation events have intensified worldwide.              
Coastal flooding will increase due to rising sea levels.              
Glaciers will continue to lose mass in the 21st century.              
Methane is a short-lived but high-impact greenhouse gas.              
The vegetation period has lengthened in northern regions.             
Amazonia could pass a tipping point towards a drier state.            
The terrestrial carbon cycle is affected by deforestation.            
Warming accelerates glacier melt in high mountain regions.            
Alpine glaciers will continue to lose mass due to warming.            
Mountain glaciers have contributed 67 mm to sea-level rise.           
Human influence has contributed to the melting of glaciers.           
Weather conditions favorable to forest fires are increasing.          
Climate models predict an increase in extreme precipitation.          
Early snowmelt has an impact on alpine hydrological regimes.          
Cold extremes are becoming less frequent with global warming.         
Greenland ice melt has contributed 13.5 mm to sea level rise.         
The melting of West Antarctic ice has accelerated since 2000.         
Ocean deoxygenation is linked to rising surface temperatures.         
Seasonal snow cover has decreased in the northern hemisphere.         
Melting alpine glaciers will contribute to rising sea levels.         
Permafrost will continue to melt, releasing greenhouse gasses.        
Alpine glaciers are particularly vulnerable to global warming.        
Snowfall in the Alps is expected to decrease at mid-altitudes.        
Snow cover will continue to melt earlier in spring in the Alps.       
Melting mountain glaciers have contributed to rising sea levels.      
Reduced snow cover has an impact on water resources in the Alps.      
Alpine glaciers are among the most vulnerable to climate change.      
Tropical cyclones are becoming more intense due to climate change.    
Glaciers will continue to retreat, even if temperatures stabilize.    
The frequency of marine heat waves will increase in the 21st century. 
The loss of Antarctic glacier mass is contributing to sea-level rise. 
Tropical cyclones are becoming more intense because of climate change.